DOCSP-34852 Support $out (#207)
mongodb/docs-csharp: source/fundamentals/builders.txt

.. _csharp-builders-out:

Write Pipeline Results to a Collection
~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~

You can write the documents returned from an aggregation pipeline to a
collection by creating an ``$out`` stage at the end of your aggregation
pipeline. To create an ``$out`` stage, call the ``Out()`` method on a
``PipelineStageDefinitionBuilder``. The ``Out()`` method requires the name of
the collection you want to write the documents to.

The following example builds an aggregation pipeline that matches all documents
with a ``season`` field value of ``"Spring"`` and outputs them to
a ``springFlowers`` collection:

.. code-block:: csharp

   var outputCollection = database.GetCollection("springFlowers");
   var matchFilter = Builders<Flower>.Filter.AnyEq(f => f.Season, "spring");

   // Creates an aggregation pipeline and outputs resulting documents to a new collection.
   var pipeline = new EmptyPipelineDefinition<Flower>()
       .Match(matchFilter)
       .Out(outputCollection);

You can write the results of an aggregation pipeline to a time series collection
by specifying a ``TimeSeriesOption`` object and passing it as the second
parameter to the ``Out()`` method.

> Consider the documents in the collection contain a ``datePlanted`` field that
> holds BSON date values. You can store the documents in this collection in a time

Reviewer: S: this reads a little funny

```suggestion
Imagine that the documents in the [which collection?] collection contain a ``datePlanted`` field that
holds BSON date values. You can store the documents in this collection in a time
```

Author: Correct. I wasn't a huge fan of this wording either, I think yours gets the message across better!

series collection by using the ``datePlanted`` field as the time field.

The following example creates a ``TimeSeriesOptions`` object and specifies
``datePlanted`` as the ``timeField``. It then builds an aggregation pipeline that matches all documents
with a ``season`` field value of ``"Spring"`` and outputs them to a

> time series collection called ``"springFlowerTimes"``.

Reviewer: nit: i don't think we usually refer to collection names using quotes, the way we do with field values. i'd remove them here, even though the code sample uses quotes.

```suggestion
time series collection called ``springFlowerTimes``.
```
